get allies and gentlemen welcome to draw
with Jazza
I'm Jazza and this is the let's draw
video where I take the requests of
people live on Twitch and I kind of make
a poll and everyone votes on what I draw
and today the winning vote came down to
Hiro and baymax from the movie big hero
6 which I'm pretty stoked about because
I love that movie and anyone who hasn't
seen it should definitely check it out
so as these characters are from a 3d
animated feature I've got to make
stylistic choices to make it work in a
2d style that represents both the
original and also holds my own personal
style in touch to it as well these
characters are a good example as to how
to go about doing your construction
lines on characters especially someone
like baymax who is essentially a giant
marshmallow made up of very round easy
to represent shapes the character Hiro
while a bit more complex still can
basically come down to those basic
shapes but then when we have the pose
and the basic shapes in place we can
start to add the refinement and the
details things like the clothing and the
hair the shoes and the expression and
all that stuff as I'm refining the
detail I make sure to start thickening
my pencil lines almost to the point
where they look quite solid so that when
I get to the line work I can simply just
draw over it and then erase the line
work from underneath
I'm happy with my sketch work now I'm
ready to move on to my line work I'm
just using basic unit pen fineliners and
I'm going to go over the whole thing in
a point one so it's going to be quite
fine and that's basically because I
really want to get the details
especially in hero's face right and then
I'll be ready to erase the construction
work from underneath and get on to the
color in doing the line work I'm trying
to keep things as crisp as possible
I want these characters and shapes to
look really solid and clean so I'm just
using very simplistic lines not going
over the top of the detail or using
techniques such as cross hatching or
anything like that just keeping
everything as clean and solid as I can
now baymax is a very simplistic
character with white coloring so that
means the lines on him are going to
stand out a heck of a lot so I'm going
to focus really hard to make sure that
the lines I draw for him are as smooth
as possible and that the shapes that
make him up are really clean and solid
when I erase the lines sometimes I like
to use a needle eraser it has a bit of a
gum consistency and allows me to remove
all my construction work in pencil
without having all of the little bits
that come off of a normal eraser spread
all over the table after I do my erasing
so now I've got my line work and I'm
happy with it the construction works
gone the interesting thing about this
stage is if things start to look more
refined it obviously looks a lot crisper
than it did when it was just the
construction work but I find you also
lose a bit of dimension when you get rid
of the construction work and I think it
it seems to add a bit of shadow around
the edges and make things feel a little
more full-bodied and then when you're
left with just the line work though it
can look more refined and nice it can
also feel a little flatter but that's
okay because we're going to rescue it
with color which is going to really make
it pop out all over again and for that
I'm going to be using Copic markers
these let's draw videos are sponsored by
Copic Australia I love Copic markers so
make sure to check them out if you're
ever interested in great quality
traditional coloring medium Copic
markers are my personal favorite choice
they're an alcohol-based marker and that
means that they mix into each other and
if you use a good base paper
this is Xpress it blending card it means
that you can lay down foundation tones
and then mix in some darker tones and
blend them together for a really cool
gradient effect as the alcohol mixes
before I jump straight into adding color
first I test out all the different
colors that I want to try it's better
safe than sorry so in testing them on a
spare piece of blending paper I can make
sure I definitely get the color
combinations that work for the piece and
I can also try riskier techniques or
colored mixing without putting the
actual piece at risk baymax is done with
a base of e 40 brick white and I use the
zero colorless blender to blend that in
with the blank white areas in the middle
so I accidentally screwed up and added
the c2 instead of the colors blender in
a portion of baymax's skin but I quickly
repaired this by softening it very
quickly and as much as possible with my
colorless blender to really dilute it
and try and spread it around and then I
made sure that area where I accidentally
put it is covered in a bit of extra
shadow just sort of hired my little
mistake there then on the edges of
baymax I use my a 51 milky white to add
shadow but because that's such a peachy
color I also use C to cool gray to sort
of neutralize it and bring the tone back
to a D saturated look then use my base
of the brick white to blend it back into
its normal color I used the colorless
blender quite a lot on baymax - you
guessed it blend colorless Lee it's a
bit of a tricky marker because it has no
color people don't often understand how
to use it but because it's alcohol-based
and you're using alcohol-based markers
basically you can use it to soften the
colors and help blend things together
the other thing to put in mind is is wet
when you put it down so it's going to
look like it's putting down a little bit
of a light grey color but actually it's
just wetting the paper so don't worry
about that it's all going to dry up and
look white again just use it for your
blending needs and don't worry about the
off colour that it gives while it's wet
it'll all return to normal once it's dry
Hiro's skin tone is done with a base of
e21 baby skin pink with mid tones in e11
by lee beige and shadows in a 13 light
suntan I've also added a touch of hour
20 blush to add a little bit of that
rosy cheek young look that he has Hiro's
jacket is done with the base of b-45
smokey blue with shadows added in c4 and
c6 cool gray I also use the b12 ice blue
on some of the edges of the jacket his
t-shirt is done in a base of our 24
prawn and with shadows in eo7
light mahogany his khaki pants are done
with a base of e 31 brick beige with
shadows in e 43 dull ivory his shoes
have Y 17 golden yellow in their laces
and I use a dark grey for the central
part of the shoe and his hair is done
with a mix of neutral greys from n 5 to
n 9 so I'm happy with how this piece has
turned out and I'm nearly finished but
the finishing touches I like to add at
the very end or to go on the whole piece
with a slightly thicker line I'm going
to go around in 0.3 or 0.5 and I tend to
find with that slightly thicker outline
it really helps strengthen the
silhouette make the whole piece sort of
pop out and really feel sort of refined
and finished with something quite
minimal it also helps you clean up where
you've gone over the line
with your markets as well so it's quite
a useful little trick so here I'll
finish my piece and I'm very happy with
it thank you for watching this is Hiro
and baymax from big hero 6 and in the
twitch chat this was requested by
Nikolas so I'm dedicating this to
Nikolas anger sign and we're done thanks
for watching ladies and gentlemen make
sure to watch future let's draw lives on
my twitch channel which you can check
out by clicking the link on the screen
or in the description thanks for joining
lads in German and until next time I'll
see you later
you